[Applause]
this was a White House Correspondence
Dinner unlike any
[Applause]
other hundreds of protesters gathered
outside the Washington Hilton to Heckle
the attendees what you're celebrating
when you go into this dinner
133 Palestinian journalists inaz think
about that 33,000 people go up in Mur
more than half of them are children we
charge you with genocide the protesters
were particularly in
that journalists would attend an event
with a US president who is himself
accused of being complicit in the
Israeli killing of so many Palestinian
journalists in Gaza these journalists
that are attending this event should be
ashamed of themselves there's been over
200 days since the start of this
genocide over 30,000 Palestinians have
been killed and 140 journalists have
been targeted by the Israeli government
and murdered because they are telling
the truth and instead of speaking out
against that and having any journalistic
Integrity they're having dinner and
laughing with Biden who's providing
billions of dollars to the Israeli
government for them to fund this
genocide of Palestinians and they've
said nothing Garen journalists wrote an
open letter to their colleagues saying
we insist you publicly boycott the
upcoming White House correspondence
dinner as an act of solidarity with us
your fellow journalists as well as with
the millions of Palestinians currently
being starved in Gaza due to the Biden
administration's continued political
financial and military backing of Israel
and cut off a funding for life-saving
humanitarian
aid but the US media Elite was undaunted
and dutifully took their seats in the
ballroom there was only one brief
passing reference to the dead
Palestinian journalists and even then
without mentioning who is responsible
for their killing our profession can be
perilous since October about 100
journalists have been killed most of
those deaths in Gaza according to the
committee to protect journalists lined
up outside the Washington Hilton a
representation of all the bloodied Flack
jackets of the journalists killed by the
Israelis and yet even this display
apparently didn't have an effect on the
attendance of the US press score inside
sh Brans Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer